feat: 6612 ETL processing docs update (#122)
amido/stacks-azure-data: docs/workloads/azure/data/etl_pipelines/silver_data_azure.md

  - databricks
---

> Silver processing represents the 'Bronze to Silver' layer transformations. It accepts raw data of various formats
> (e.g. CSV, Parquet, JSON, Delta) as an input and converts it into a more structured Delta format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stacks data platform contains an example 'Silver' data processing workload, performing [Bronze to Silver layer](./etl_intro_data_azure.md#data-pipelines) transformations. It accepts raw data of various formats
(e.g. CSV, Parquet, JSON, Delta) as an input and converts it into a more structured Delta format.
```

Author: done, but without the reference link - I think there is no reason to go back to the introduction here.

The transformation from Bronze to Silver is crucial for filtering out the noise from raw data. It ensures that analysts
and data scientists work with a consistent, clean, and dependable dataset that can be trusted for downstream analytics.

As data moves to the Silver layer, it undergoes a series of transformations:

* **Conformance**: At this stage, inconsistencies in data representation are ironed out. For instance, disparate date
formats, value representations, or units from different data sources are standardized to a common format.

> * **Cleansing**: Data errors, such as outliers, missing values, or duplicates, are identified and rectified. This

Author: done

  - databricks
---

> Silver processing represents the 'Bronze to Silver' layer transformations. It accepts raw data of various formats

Reviewer 2: Probably in this section I might highlight the aims of the silver layer - people may or may not know what it's used for, so talking about cleansing, conformance and data quality is probably good?

![ADF_SilverPipelineDesign.png](../images/ADF_SilverPipelineDesign.png)

Silver processing is executed as Python Databricks job with the data transformation logic packaged within our

> [PySparkle](../../../common/data/pysparkle/pysparkle_quickstart.md) library.

Author: done
